UPGRADE for ProBIND

This document will discuss how to upgrade from earlier versions of ProBIND.

Prerequisites
-------------

You should be familiar with the installation procedures in the INSTALL
document. This document only discusses the upgrading process.

A full backup should be made before attempting an upgrade.


Upgrading from ProBIND 1.0.1 and earlier
----------------------------------------

NOTE: ProBIND doesn't check for a valid user login for sensitive operations
anymore. It is important to make sure you have user authentication set up
properly via Apache or anyone could access and change your DNS information.

ProBIND now uses features from the ProBIND2 fork. You will need to upgrade
your database to the new format. The etc/upgrade_tables.sql file has been
provided with the changes. Simply load this file into the existing ProBIND
database.

Example: mysql -u probinduser -p probind < etc/upgrade_tables.sql

Also, some changes have been made to the files. Notably, the scripts in the
sbin directory have been changed around and older ones have been removed.

It is advisable that you remove the old ProBIND files and replace with the
new files.

Once the files have been replaced, rename config.tmpl.php to config.php and
fill in the information based on the values you had in config.inc.


Upgrading from ProBIND2
-----------------------

NOTE: ProBIND doesn't check for a valid user login for sensitive operations
anymore. It is important to make sure you have user authentication set up
properly via Apache or anyone could access and change your DNS information.

ProBIND now contains many of the features of PriBIND2. The main exception is
namespace support. No database changes are required if you are running
ProBIND2.

Some files have been removed or changed. It is advisable that you remove the
old ProBIND files and replace with the new files.

Once the files have been replaced, rename config.tmpl.php to config.php and
fill in the information based on the values you had in config.inc.


Last Update: 20071225